Documentation for All-In-One docker image (#1487)
dotse/zonemaster: docs/public/installation/docker.md

- Zonemaster-CLI: see [Using Zonemaster-CLI Docker] for how to run Zonemaster-CLI on [Docker].
- Zonemaster-Backend: see [Using Zonemaster-Backend Docker] for how to run Zonemaster-Backend
and Zonemaster-CLI on [Docker].

> - Zonemaster-All-In-One: see [Using Zonemaster-All-In-One Docker] for how to run Zonemaster-All-In-One image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Zonemaster-All-In-One: see [Using Zonemaster-All-In-One Docker] for how to run Zonemaster-All-In-One image that includes Zonemaster-CLI, Zonemaster-Backend and Zonemaster-GUI which gives a complete Zonemaster environment.
```

> - Zonemaster-All-In-One: see [Using Zonemaster-All-In-One Docker] for how to run Zonemaster-All-In-One image that includes Zonemaster-CLI, Zonemaster-Backend and Zonemaster-GUI which gives a complete Zonemaster environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Zonemaster-All-In-One: see [Using Zonemaster-All-In-One Docker] for how to run the Zonemaster-All-In-One image that includes Zonemaster-CLI, Zonemaster-Backend and Zonemaster-GUI to give a complete Zonemaster environment.
```
